NMS-13427: Create JDBCDetector documentation (#4943)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/reference/pages/provisioning/detectors/DnsDetector.adoc

= DNS Service Detector

The DNSDetector lets you find DNS services for monitoring in your network.

> A DNS service is detected when a server responds to a DNS query for an A resource record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A DNS service is detected when the node responds to a DNS query for an A resource record.
```
